CTO:
Serving the request to configure a 3-tier application stack in an HCI cluster to replicate its main revenue-generating application stack.
Below I detail a summary of the needs of the interested parties and a summary of the tasks carried out.

The requests for CTO
-----------------------
1. Create a 3-Tier application configuration with three virtual machine (Application server VM, Web  Server VM, Database VM)
2. 2 separate environments for 3-tier application:  Production and Development.
3. The production environment requires built-in data protection using backup/restore with snapshots and no more than 1 hour of data loss after a failure.
4. Dynamically add CPU/Memory resources to online virtual machines (add 1 vCPU and 2GB memory to the database server) is required.
5. Final verification is the removal of a key VM and performing a full restoration

Tasks

1. Were reated the three virtual machines using the VM dashbord in Prism with the following names with the convention assigned for the system administrator:
	1. Application server VM : 	app-prod
	2.Web  Server VM:		web-prod
	3.Database VM :			db-prod
 
2. The three VMs for the Development environment were cloned from the Production environment, being a copy of their similar ones in capacity and operating system, but they were assigned to different networks according 
   to the specifications of the Operations Network and names were assigned to separate the resources for the Production environment and Development environment with the convention assigned for the system administrator.
	1.	Application server VM- production environment:	 	app-prod
	2.	Web  Server VM- production environment:			web-prod
	3.	Database VM- production environment:			db-prod
	4.	Application server VM- development environment: 	app-dev
	5.	Web  Server VM- development environment:		web-dev
	6.	Database VM- development environment:			db-dev

3. For the production environment the data protection was created with the name DR-PRODUCTION, the entities to protect were selected (app-prod VM, web-prod VM, db-prod VM) and created a new schedule with the requirement 
   of 1 hour data loss after a failure (local schedule: repeat every 60 minutes). The status and setting of protection domain was verified, and was verified that snapshots are being taken.

4. In the Prism, VM dashboard/Tables, was selected the virtual machine db-prod and de-dev and without turning off the virtual machines were updated and added 1 vCPU and 2 GB more to the initial configuration for a total of 
   2vCPU and 6GB of capacity

5. For this requirement, the app-prod virtual machine was completely removed using a delete procedure, after that the virtual machine was restore using the last snapshot saved and was created as new entity.
   The restoration of the virtual machine was verified in the VM dashboard/Table.

The requests of Systems Administrator
-------------------------------------
1. Microsoft SQL on Windows, has been chosen for the database tier
2. Application server and web server tiers will both be Linux based
3. Each virtual machine will be configured with 1 vCPU and 4 GB of RAM. 
4. For testing purposes you will need to configure the Network Time Protocol (NTP) using the public service, pool.ntp.org, and 8.8.8.8 for the Domain Naming Service (DNS).
5. New storage container called Images to hold the Windows and CentOS virtual disk images (C:\Images) to be uploaded to the Image Service.
6. The virtual machine naming convention will be based on a 2-3 letter representation, followed by the environment. Example: Database server for Production, use db-prod. Application for development, use app-dev, etc…
7. The production virtual machines should be duplicated to create an identical development environment.

Tasks

1. In Prism / VM / create VM / Disk, the db-prod and db-env virtual machines were added a new disk which was edited to load the Windows operating system stored in the image container that was created.

2. In Prism / VM / create VM / Disk, the db-prod and db-env virtual machines were added a new disk which was edited to load the Linux_CentOS operating system stored in the images container that was created.

3.In Prism/VM/create VM/Compute Details for each virtual machine the requested capacity was added.
	- vCPU(s) : 1
	- Number of core per VCPU:1
	- Memory: 4

4. In Prism/Setting/Network/NTP servers was added the NTP server using the host name assigned pool.ntp.org (0.pool.ntp.org)
   In Prism/Setting/Network/Name servers was added the DNS server using the ip address assigned 8.8.8.8.

5. In Prism/Storage dashboard/+Storage Container/Create Storage Container was created a new storage container with the name “Images”.
   In Prism/Setting/Image Configuration/Create Image,  uploaded the 2 images Windows and Linux_CentOS to the new Storage Container Images
	-Name: Windows
	-Image Type: Disk
	-Storage Container: Images
	-Upload a file from C:/Image/windows.qcow2
	
	-Name: Linux_CentOS
	-Image Type: Disk
	-Storage Container: Images
	-Upload a file from C:/Image/CentOS.qcow2

6. All requested virtual machines were named according to convention 2-3 letter representation, followed by the environment
	1.	Application server VM- production environment:	app-prod
	2.	Web  Server VM- production environment:		web-prod
	3.	Database VM- production environment:		db-prod
	4.	Application server VM- development environment: app-dev
	5.	Web  Server VM- development environment:	web-dev
	6.	Database VM- development environment:		db-dev

7. In Prism/VM/Table/*selected VM/Clone, The Production virtual machines (app-prod, web-prod, db-prod) were cloned to create the virtual machines of the development environment and to guarantee that they were identical
in capacity and operating system to those of the production environment.
	-vCPU(s) : 1
	-Number of core per VCPU:1
	-Memory: 4
  But the Development Environment virtual machines were assigned to different networks according to the specifications of the Network Operations and different names were assigned according to the convention assigned by
  the system administrator..

	VM_Name			VM_convention_name		Ip_address
	Application server VM	app-dev				172.31.101.2
	Web  Server VM		web-dev				172.31.101.3
	Database VM		db-dev				172.31.101.4


The requests of Network Operations
-----------------------------------
1. The production network will be on vlan 0, using the 172.31.0.0/24 network and will be managed using IPAM/DHCP from an IP Pool provided by the Network Operations group. 
    The IP Pool will use a Start address of 172.31.0.210 and an End address of 172.31.0.230.
2. The development network will be unmanaged on VLAN 101 using the 172.31.101.0/24 network.

Tasks

1. In Prism/Setting/Network configurations/Create Network was added the Production Network with the assigned IP address network 172.31.0.0/24.
	-Name: Production_Network
	-VLAN ID: 0
   For that Production Network will be managed using IPAM/DHCP from an IP Pool provided by the Network Operations group, the options “Enable IP address management (IPAM)” 
   and “Configure Domains Settings” were enabled and the blank spaces were filled with the network’s assigned information 
	Network IP Address: 172.31.0.0/24
	Gateway IP Address: 172.31.0.1
	DNS server IP address: 8.8.8.8
	IP address pools/Create Pool:
		Start IP address: 172.31.0.210
		End IP address:   172.31.0.230
	DHCP IP address: 172.31.0.254
   Ensuring that the Nutanix Acropolis DHCP server will not assign a dynamic IP address outside the assigned cluster

2. In Prism/Setting/Network configurations/Create Network was added the Development Network with the assigned IP address network 172.31.101.0/24
   The assigned network was configured in the same way as the Production Network with the difference that an IP address pool was not created and a DHCP IP address was not assigned, 
   and for the IP addresses assigned to the virtual machines they were assigned manually
	-Name: Development_Network
	-VLAN: 101

	VM_Name			VM_convention_name	Ip_address
	Application server VM	app-dev			172.31.101.2
	Web  Server VM		web-dev			172.31.101.3
	Database VM		db-dev			172.31.101.4


